After attending the school for Kingdom Evangelises, I received an assignment in another part of the country.
It is an area where it is costly to live and the living expenses are high.
I was worried about how it would turn out and if I would manage.
Not too long thereafter, I found a small room I could rent.
The housing conditions were not ideal, but it was okay.
I also received a small cleaning job, but it was not quite enough for me to make both ends meet.
I had to travel a long distance to get to work. I was tired constantly.
So it was difficult to keep my focus on the ministry.
I had some savings when I moved, but it started to shrink.
My funds slowly dwindled.
By coincidence, I saw a job advertisement.
I handed in an application and one and a half hours later, they called me in for an interview.
They felt bad because they could only offer me a part-time position.
To compensate, they offered me a higher salary, which I didn't object to.
At the same time as I found a job, a couple came to me in the Kingdom Hall and said they had found an apartment for me.
So in a city where it is very difficult to find a place to live.
I suddenly had a small and cozy apartment.
Now everything has come together.
This means that I can focus on my ministry and the congregation.
Jehovah knows just what we need, and when we test him out, he will bless our efforts.
I really feel safe leaving my life in his hands.